
“Victory lies in preparation” has been the motto of many a general. The same 
goes for the man on a solo mission or the lone wolf taking his share of the 
herd. There are many things to consider when going to battle, and for the sake 
of the metaphor, let's see the act of applied lovemaking as a battle. Before 
you choose your battlefield and your timing, which are both of essence, you 
must make sure that you have the proper equipment for your mission. You will 
need to protect yourself, you will need means of attack, transportation, and if 
your mission requires it, a place to hold your prize.

In ancient times it was simpler. A warrior would come, kill the local men, and 
carry the women off. No one would look twice, and it was perfectly acceptable. 
Those times have passed. Subtlety is paramount if you are to be successful. And 
the first subtlety, a very important one, is often easily forgotten. STD's are 
rampant nowadays. From relatively innocent ones like herpes to  dangerous ones 
like HIV, you are likely to meet at least one of them along the way. So safety 
first, and bring a condom. Not only to protect yourself, but also to protect 
your partner and, if push comes to shove, in order to leave as little DNA as 
possible. Only if you are certain that your partner is uninfected, will not get 
pregnant, and you have another method of removing DNA, you could do away with 
condoms, but it is still ill advised. Also, in order to protect yourself, you 
will need clothing that prevent your partner from effectively scratching or 
biting you. These are things women tend to do when forcibly resisting, and they 
both could leave you with marks or could scatter your DNA all over your 
battlefield. Leather and denim are good materials to wear on the upper body, 
and some facial protection like a mask or a bandana are no luxuries. As for leg 
and footwear, you must be able to move quickly and agile. You are not making a 
fashion statement, so cargo pants or sweat pants are ideal. Colours should be 
limited to grey, brown, dark blue, dark green and dark red, for these are 
colours that blend easily in the dark but seldom arouse suspicion in daylight. 
Black is often perceived as aggressive, and contrary to popular belief, does 
not blend in with the night. Bright colours draw attention towards you and make 
it difficult to hide.


As for your means of attack, it is important that you use a weapon you are 
familiar with, one that is easily concealed and one that instills fear. You are 
not out to kill or maim; the idea of your weapon is to incapacitate or 
threaten. If you want your partner to be unconscious, do not bother with 
chloroform. It is a myth, she will get nauseous but she will not faint. Also, 
if you have no prior experience, blows to the head with blunt objects are ill 
advised. Too hard and she/he will die, too soft and she/he will raise alarm. 
The best way to do this is to spike a drink. Many drugs will do the trick, but 
safest and easiest to get is GHB. Most other drugs will either kill her or land 
her in a hospital(in combination with alcohol), or just won't have the desired 
effect. But still, if you are able to spike her drink, it is not certain that 
you will be the one to reap the benefits. It is quite a task to follow her 
around, corner her, isolate her, and carry her to where you planned. An easier 
method is fear. You can probably scare her by simply being a man, because you 
are stronger than she is. However, a weapon can be a lot more convincing, 
because she will associate your body with pain, but a weapon with death, and 
that is a more forceful motive to submit. People often threaten with guns. This 
is however, an ineffective method, compared to the simplest of tools, the 
knife. Not only is a gun loud, illegal, and relatively difficult to handle, 
most people have not been shot before. A gun is something from movies, not real, 
and therefore not a real threat. A knife however is something we all know. Your 
oldest ancestors knew a knife could cut you. Our medieval ancestors knew a 
sword would cut you down, your grandfather knew a bayonet would impale him, and 
you learned as a child how it felt to cut yourself with a kitchen knife. This 
makes that a knife is much more of a threat, and you can even use it carefully 
without attracting attention from others.


Now that you have her cornered and scared, you will have to make sure she 
remains silent and obedient. Which in essence means your partner must be bound 
and gagged in that order. Binding her first is important, because that gives 
you the control for the more difficult task of gagging her. Without the ability 
to move, she can not escape or attack you. The easiest way to bind someone is 
with a simple pair of handcuffs. But be sure to get police/military grade 
handcuffs, because the fuzzy ones from the sex-shop around the corner won't 
hold. If those are not available, Ti-raps will do fine. Duct-tape could also be 
used, and are fine for binding feet, but hands can be wiggled loose when bound 
by duct-tape. As for gagging, a sock and duct-tape would do fine. Ball gags and 
the like are safer, but they do not muffle her voice quite like a sock would. 
The only catch here is that she can either swallow the sock and suffocate, or 
vomit and suffocate. Be sure to keep an eye on her and don't leave a gagged 
partner alone.


\section*{WARNING: Anti-rape device (RapeX)}

Invented in South Africa (statistically highest area of forced coitus due to 
multiculturalism and post-apartheid reverse-racism), this anti-coitus female 
condom, invented by a female, is supposed to prevent forced coitus but fails at 
it’s task since it requires actual penetration to be effective, this device 
will mean the death of our species as a whole.
The blades of the device will slice the glands and cannot be removed without 
penectomy (penis removal). It’s strongly recommended to check your partner’s 
glands with anything near you, whether it be a stick, a metal rod, or a bar of 
gold is irrelevant. It is and will forever be better to be safe than sorry.


%--------------------Feel free to modify/improve------------------------------

\section*{Date rape drugs}

It’s debatable that a sexual intercourse can be classified as rape when the 
self-claimed “victim” decides to not deal with the consequences of her actions: 
ingesting drugs facilitating the abuse of her body and weakening her judgment.
\begin{itemize}
\item (gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid): blackout (studies showed it’s less dangerous than tobacco and alcohol in social harms, physical harm and addiction)

\item Alcohol: euphoria, impaired judgment, impaired memory, delayed reactions, slurred speech, lowers inhibition, unconsciousness

\item Scopolamine; C$_{17}$H$_{21}$NO$_4$ : blurred vision, a fever, excitement, restlessness, hallucinations, delirium, put into a state of “zombification” (in combination with morphine: amnesia, twilight sleep)
\item Rohypnol; C$_{16}$H$_{12}$FN$_{3}$O$_{3}$   (often combined with alcohol when used as a forced coitus drug) impairs reaction time and driving skill, drowsiness, dizziness, lack of coordination (these effects last up to 12 or more hours

\item Ketamine; C$_{13}$H$_{16}$ClNO: delirium, dizziness, diplopia, blurred vision, psychotomimetic phenomenon, euphoria, aphasia, blunted affect, psychomotor retardation; impaired attention, memory and judgement; illusions, hallucinations
\end{itemize}
%--------------------------------------------------
